introduce new shared state chapter (#88)
webxdc/webxdc_docs: src/shared_state/practical.md

## How does it work?

The core of each Yjs-based application is its _document_:

```javascript
tmport * as Y from 'yjs';

const ydoc = new Y.Doc();
```

Whenever this document changes it will emit `update` events.
Before you make any local changes it's important to set up an event listener to handle these updates.

```javascript
ydoc.on('update', (update) => {
    console.log(update);
    /* send the emitted update to remote clients */
});
```

### Encoding updates and handling delivery

Updates are encoded as [Uint8Arrays](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array), a form of [TypedArray](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray) which can only contain 8-bit unsigned integers (whole numbers  between `0` and `255`) as elements:

```javascript
Uint8Array(20) [
    1,   1, 253, 161, 163, 244,  12,
    0,   8,   1,   5, 111, 114, 100,
  101, 114,   1, 125,   5,   0
]
```

> In some circumstances this format format could sent over the network in binary format, but [webxdc updates](http://localhost:3000/spec/sendUpdate.html) do not permit binary data in their payloads.

Reviewer: `format format`

Reviewer: `could be sent over..`

This makes it necessary to convert it to a serializeable string format like [Base64](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Base64).
Conversion can be done with an npm module like [js-base64](https://www.npmjs.com/package/js-base64), or via the following snippets taken from the MDN web docs:

```javascript
function base64ToBytes(base64) {
    const binString = atob(base64);
    return Uint8Array.from(binString, (m) => m.codePointAt(0));
}

function bytesToBase64(bytes) {
    const binString = String.fromCodePoint(...bytes);
    return btoa(binString);
}
```

So, an update could be handled like so:

```javascript
ydoc.on('update', (update) => {
    const base64 = bytesToBase64(update);
    webxdc.sendUpdate({
        payload: base64,
        info: 'A new update for your Yjs app',

>     }, 'Yjs update'):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }, 'Yjs update');
```

});
```

The app will also need a corresponding listener to load your past updates and handle incoming events from other clients in real-time.

```javascript
webxdc.setUpdateListener((update) => {
    const decoded = base64ToBytes(update.payload);
    Y.applyUpdate(ydoc, decoded);
});
```

> The underlying transport for webxdc apps typically introduces some size overhead, and Yjs is able to save spacewhen several updates are bundled together into one, so sending an update for every minor change is inefficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The underlying transport for webxdc apps typically introduces some size overhead, and Yjs is able to save space when several updates are bundled together into one, so sending an update for every minor change is inefficient.
```

]
```

> In some circumstances this could sent over the network in binary format, but [webxdc updates](../spec/sendUpdate.html) do not permit binary data in their payloads.

Reviewer: Could be sent over?

Author: it sounds natural to me, but that phrasing could be less common in other dialects. Maybe _across_ would work better in its place?

Author: and I double-checked that there aren't any other localhost links in the latest version
